had you been trained specifically to
look out for these sort of suspicious
situations yes good morning yes our
company trains us on what to notice what
to look for and I'm also in a group
airline ambassadors International and it
they also train us to what to look for
in certain situations like that
it was incredibly quick thinking of you
there wasn't it - sort of was it just
the fact that she was looking disturbed
and dressed very differently to have
fellow traveler that made you think
something's not right here this isn't a
couple of friends traveling together
yeah it was very out of the ordinary I
noticed her she just wouldn't give me a
contact he was well dressed and she was
she wasn't so I'm like that's odd so I
just wanted to get to the bottom of what
was going on because in the back of my
mind I was trying to let it go and
something just said don't let it go
don't let it go so where did you get the
idea because of course the gentleman
wouldn't let you talk to her he was
getting very defensive where did you get
the idea to leave her a note and then
put it into the toilets so she could
then write on the note voice and she
wouldn't actually have to verbally
communicate well as me and my coworker
we were on the beverage and snack cart
and I had to ask them what they like a
beverage and I was trying to get her to
make eye contact with me and my coworker
distracted the gentleman and I was
trying to get eye contact from her and
she finally looked up and the look in
her eye was just heartbreaking
heartbreaking
so I excused myself to go to the back
and I just broke down I cried because
the look in her eye just made me just it
made me extremely sad and I said I have
to get her to talk to me to get her to
respond to me in some kind of way so I
was in the back and I was trying to
think I said just God just give me
sighing just give me a sign so I just
happened to stick my hands in my pocket
and I felt the pencil and paper in my
pocket and I said if I could write her
note if I could get her a notes then
maybe I can see what's going on and then
I thought I don't think he's gonna let
me give her a note so I thought how can
I get this note to her and I was leaning
up against the lavatory of the aircraft
and I said oh my god I could put it in
the in the lavatory and I was one I was
thinking again how can I get someone not
to come into this bathroom because the
aircraft were full and was 2
Laboratories on board so I thought I
said I have to lock this bathroom so
nobody else can get in here so I went
back up to the front to finish the
service with my coworker and she turned
around and she looked at me so I can't
while my coworker was talking with the
gentleman I got her attention and I
mumbled bathroom and I kind of did a
pencil sign with my with my finger and
she kind of nodded her head a little bit
and I saw oh my goodness I hope she
understands what I'm trying to say what
I'm trying to do so as we were finishing
the beverage service I saw them get up
and the gentleman led her out and they
were coming toward the back and us oh my
goodness they're about to come and use
the bathroom so I stood there and she
approached me and I said hi would you
like to use the lavatories and then she
kind of nodded her head I said excuse me
and then he said yes she needs to use
the bathroom and I said ok ok and I said
oh you know what you can go ahead and
use this bathroom this is for the crew
but it'll be ok if you use this bathroom
so I unlocked the bathroom and I let her
in that bathroom and he was standing
there waiting for her and I was waiting
with him because I was not gonna move I
was not gonna move and she came out of
the restroom and they was walking back
toward their seats and I was watching
them so when they sat down I ran in
about
and I so please God please let her write
something on this on this note so I
turned the note over and it says I need
help and right then I just broke down I
said oh my god
I gotta help her I gotta help her I'm so
nice additionally you went up to the
pilot and you mentioned it to the pilot
and you had sort of a sort of security
ready to land how long did you have
between getting that note and then
landing and security came on the plane
because that must have felt like a
lifetime if help forever we were on our
initial descent into San Francisco so I
had a small window and I knew I had to
work fast and I picked up the intercom
to call the captain and I said captain
we need the authorities to meet the
plane because this young lady needs help
I don't know what kind of help but she
says she needs help and I explained to
the captain what was going on and he
says ok he said we can make that happen
and we landed and the flight attendant
was sitting in front she announced
ladies and gentlemen can you please keep
your seats the authorities have to come
on and take care of a little matter and
we'll be with you in just a moment and
we was trying to keep it upbeat so we
wouldn't alarm anyone or we wouldn't
scare anyone and they came on and they
went right to their seats
[Music]
you